bike is one of the most popular types
of transport
according to the statistics everyone hang lie
Cheese region from time to time
perfection and the echoes according to the same
cycling statistics for the summer period
up to two thousand bicycles are lost
where do they go is a separate topic
today we'll talk like no in the morning
his iron friend the most reliable
way to keep your bike from theft
it's never to part with him but
certainly it is not convenient especially when
need to go to the store or their grandmother or
girls
so today we will tell you how
choose the right anti-theft
The easiest means is the easiest and
affordable and therefore the bullet itself
armies is the usual simple castle he
consists of a normal steel cable
obl of this pvc sheath cable lock
the longest on the market
the length sometimes reaches two meters
it is very convenient to use it now
show you how to lock the cable lock
bike in this case to the fences
We recommend to buy a bike not only
over the frame but it's the rear wheel
thereby we will keep most
bicycles in addition to cable lock even
and the most convenient to use but with
this is the most unreliable it is very easy
I have a snack ca often uses
mittens considered the most reliable
u-shaped lock has his target
metal bracket usually made of
hot rod
its almost impossible to eat and
it is very difficult to saw true lock
very heavy and and i have the opportunity
strengthen the bike to a thick tree or
pillars but it’s perfect for
bike mount on specially
equipped parking
no less reliable and much more
convenient to use than u-shaped
lock is a lock consisting of steel
knee chain chain at this lock
I turned in a reliable textile
shell that protects the paintwork
cover your bike from
scuffs and scratches
The chain of this lock has an emergency
flexibility that allows you to fix
bike almost anywhere a
the length of the lock allows you to hook even
some trees and pillars
so here it is easy and convenient
friends hope our today's advice
will help save your iron horses in
safe and sound
I wish you a pleasant ride
power company dowth bros when up
wide range of bikes and
accessories professional selection
high quality pre-sale
preparation and adjustment come on
Repin 5b
phone 346 9070 dowts site bros. RU